--- # An instance of the Blank widget. # Documentation: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/ widget: blank  # Activate this widget? true/false active: true  # This file represents a page section. headless: true  # Order that this section appears on the page. weight: 15  title: Overview subtitle: ''  design:   columns: "2"   #background:     #color: 'white'     #gradient_start: '#4bb4e3'     #gradient_end: '#2b94c3'     # Text color (true=light or false=dark).     #text_color_light: false    #spacing:   #  padding: ["20px", "0", "20px", "0"]  ---  The main scripture for our school is - "And I heard the voice of the Lord saying, “Whom shall I send, and who will go for us?” Then I said, “Here I am! Send me.”" Isaiah 6:8 ESV  The great commission which Jesus gave us is to Go therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, teaching them to observe all that I have commanded you.  According to Joshua Project data it shows that there are 4,991 Frontier People Groups (Unreached people group) with a total population of 2,032,952,000. And one fourth of the world lives in these Frontier People Groups. They have almost no chance of hearing about Jesus from someone in their own people group.  Frontiers DTS is an invitation from God for those who are hungry to know God and His purpose in their lives. This is a good opportunity for you to know God’s heart for the nations and Unreached people groups.  After the completion of DTS , we would also like to offer you a second level school which is the SOFM ( school of frontier missions ) for those who have a calling to be involved in missions. SOFM will equip you for cross cultural frontier missions work.  Topics:  God’s nature and character Hearing God’s voice Father Heart of God Repentance and Forgiveness Worship and intercession Fear of the Lord Lordship Spiritual Warfare Unity Holy Spirit Evangelism Missions  Deadline for application: 24 March 2023  ## Details  * **UofN Code:** DSP 211/212 * **Start date:** 17 April 2023 * **Length:** 23 Weeks * **Language(s):** English, Japanese, Chinese * **Outreach Locations:** N/A * **Related Passion:** N/A * **[Omega Zone & Region]({{< ref "../../omegazones.md" >}}):** Hyogo, Kansai * **Last Updated:** 2023-02-08 